Hydro pure water for life
is about to take a deadly turn these are
frightening times there is no happy
ending anymore Denis has just been shot
there is a conspiracy involved in top
city officials and white field one one
mistake and the infection of knowledge
spreads guys and he took this black dude
from the mayor I saw him do it to
reporters must uncover a conspiracy they
were using the water you need pic is
sick to what end we have to figure out
what this is some kind of protein would
be found in all living things except
it's only found in space I have found
your anomaly
hey how come you know about all these
things because I am one of them why
bring us here to help you save yourself
from the pad you mean the invasion the
hell out of there now
this is a quarantine fail you fail
knowledge spreads
you
I think we're
yeah this is the term we're really way
out here how did they lend on this place
again it was a steal lost heir to the
land side no real and no one came
forward to claim it for the line went up
for public auction we're here Dan Sarah
maybe they went to town or something
anyone home this is what I'm talking
about your own beautiful private swim I
think I want to go in hey what's wrong
there's something on your back wait
what's that it's on my skin
does it hurt I don't know what keeps
happening to me I feel like I'm losing
myself have you been I've been calling
for you why did you scare me like that
don't
it's too late Sam give you away
the ultimate thrill unleashes the
ultimate predator aboriginal ancestors
would call upon this devil to defend the
island against their enemies we need to
get higher
danica mckellar and apolo ohno
tasmanian devils from your Saturday
January nineteenth of nine only on syfy
for the most dangerous not on television